		FASHION CHAIN
Fashion Chain connects trusted and sustainable brands/fashion designers to fashion consumers, 
it's a platform that provides connectivity between fashion designers/brands and fashion consumers in Africa
and global to manage and scale through the process of meeting each others needs.
We aim to be the go to fashion destination within Africa and Globally for African Brands and 
Designers, and providing you with fashion items and designers for your different occasions.

		For Fashion Consumer 
Fashion chain serves as a connecting dot between fashion designers and fashion consumers.
it's an avenue for fashion consumers to have access to mutiple availability of products and 
designs from different brands and made choices of the ones they like. Fashion chain is created to simplify
fashion Shopping and window shopping for you. Here, with the access to multiply design you get to choose 
according to your budgets and also link up with the designer/designers for further business ordeals.

		For Fashion Designers/Brands
Fashion Chain also serve as an avenue for fashion designers and Brands to freely Advertise their different
designs and products.It's an Avenue for brands and fashion designers to promote their labels and designs.
This help in creating more avenue for making sales and also accelerate your supply chain
 i.e free market promixity, it's also an avenue for building up designers and brand recognitions.

		Fashion Community
We also create a fashion community for both our fashion Designers and Fashion consumers where you can go to and
ask questions relating to fashions, clothings etc, and get feedbacks from our community.

OUR MOTTO: Connectivity and Unity of Fashion Designers and Fashion Consumers.

If you ever have any queries, concerns or just general feedback, feel free to email me at ruby.anakor34@gmail.com where
I would be happy to answer all your questions about Fashion Chain and what we are trying to achieve.



footer color - Black, text-color(white),










  